Enable implementer re-use by creating simple coding data type & move userComment alongside of overrideReason (#531)
cds-hooks/docs: docs/specification/current.md

}
```

> #### overrideReasons

Reviewer: Suggest removing this addition. Throughout the rest of the spec we document each data element as if it were a type. For example, `links` is an array of *Link*. The documentation describes *Link*, not `links`. If we want to add this overrideReasons header, we'd need to also add a links, suggestions and cards header.

Author: I re-titled this to **Reasons for rejecting a card** since the discussion in that paragraph needs a title separating it from what is above.

Note that there is a separate **OverridReason** type under Feedback that is still necessary.

> **overrideReasons** is an array of **CDSHooksCoding** that captures a codified set of reasons an end user may select from as the rejection reason when rejecting the advice presented in the card. When using the coding object representing a reason, implementations are required to only respect the *code* property. However, they may consume other properties for a better end user experience, such as presenting a human readable text in the *display* property instead of the *code* itself to the end user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**overrideReasons** is an array of **Coding** that captures a codified set of reasons an end user may select from as the rejection reason when rejecting the advice presented in the card. When using the coding object representing a reason, implementations are required to only respect the *code* property. However, they may consume other properties for a better end user experience, such as presenting a human readable text in the *display* property instead of the *code* itself to the end user. 
```

`card` | REQUIRED | *string* | The `card.uuid` from the CDS Hooks response. Uniquely identifies the card.
`outcome` | REQUIRED | *string* | A value of `accepted` or `overridden`.
`acceptedSuggestions` | CONDITIONAL | *array* | An array of json objects identifying one or more of the user's **AcceptedSuggestion**s. Required for `accepted` outcomes.

> `overrideReason` | OPTIONAL | *object* of **OverrideReason** | A json object capturing the override reason as well as any comments entered by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`overrideReason` | OPTIONAL | **Coding** | A json object capturing the **OverrideReason** as well as any comments entered by the user.
```

Author: This is not correct. The OverrideReason here is a type which contains a reason of type Coding, and a userComment.

Author: I updated this to just be **OverrideReason**, without the *object* of prefix.

Reviewer: Ah, sorry, I got confused. Good catch.

Field | Optionality | Type | Description
----- | ----- | ----- | --------

> `reason` | CONDITIONAL | *object* of **CDSHooksCoding** | The Coding object representing the override reason selected by the end user. Required if user selected an override reason from the list of reasons provided in the Card (instead of only leaving a userComment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`reason` | CONDITIONAL |**Coding** | The Coding object representing the override reason selected by the end user. Required if user selected an override reason from the list of reasons provided in the Card (instead of only leaving a userComment).
```

         "card":"9368d37b-283f-44a0-93ea-547cebab93ed",
         "outcome":"overridden",
         "overrideReason": { 
	 	"reason": {
	 		"code":"reason-code-provided-by-service",

>      			"system":"reason-system-provided-by-service",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     			"system":"reason-system-provided-by-service"
```

         "card":"9368d37b-283f-44a0-93ea-547cebab93ed",
         "outcome":"overridden",
         "overrideReason": { 
	 	"reason": {
	 		"code":"reason-code-provided-by-service",
     			"system":"reason-system-provided-by-service",

>      			"display":"reason-display-provided-by-service",

Reviewer 2: nit: there isn't any value I can think of to sending the display to the feedback endpoint.  It's certainly benign and shows the full Coding structure here, but it also touches on the difference between making an API call and sending a FHIR resource.  I think the example should reflect that a CDS service just needs to know the machine-readable data.

>      			"display":"reason-display-provided-by-service",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
[OAuth 2.0]: https://oauth.net/2/

## Data Types

> This section defines some data types that are used across the specification. These types are generic enough so that they may be used with various properties pertaining to different concepts in the text of the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section defines data types used re-used across the specification. 
```

Author: You have a repeated word in your suggestion.

Author: I'm accepting this, and then I'll fix the repetition

> ### CDSHooksCoding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Coding
```

> The CDSHooksCoding data type captures the concept of a code. A code is understood only when the given code, code-system, and a optionally a human readable display are available. This coding type is a standalone data type in CDS Hooks modeled after a trimmed down version of the [FHIR Coding data type](http://hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Coding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Coding** data type captures the concept of a code. A code is understood only when the given code, code-system, and a optionally a human readable display are available. This coding type is a standalone data type in CDS Hooks modeled after a trimmed down version of the [FHIR Coding data type](http://hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Coding).
```

```
[OAuth 2.0]: https://oauth.net/2/

## Data Types

CDS Hooks leverages json data types throughout.  This section defines data structures re-used across the specification. 

### Coding

The **Coding** data type captures the concept of a code. A code is understood only when the given code, code-system, and a optionally a human readable display are available. This coding type is a standalone data type in CDS Hooks modeled after a trimmed down version of the [FHIR Coding data type](http://hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Coding).

Field | Optionality | Type | Description
----- | ----- | ----- | --------
`code` | REQUIRED | *string* | The code for what is being represented
`system` | OPTIONAL | *string* | A codesystem for this `code`.
`display` | OPTIONAL | *string* | A short, human-readable label to display.

> `version` | OPTIONAL | *string* | Version of the system - if relevant.

Reviewer: Hey @dennispatterson , are we interested in re-using FHIR's coding data type? If so, that will drive inclusion of both version and userSelected. 

Bryn felt that version would be useful to have version and that alignment with FHIR's datatype was good.

> `version` | OPTIONAL | *string* | Version of the system - if relevant.

Reviewer 2: FHIR's Coding is applicable across a wide variety of FHIR use-cases.  If we're defining our own type for a limited number of use-cases (this PR even calls it a "trimmed down version"), and FHIR's own documentation says that well-maintained systems don't need version, do we need to start with the presumption that the code systems yet to be defined won't be well-maintained? Or, just add it if becomes necessary?  Note that if a FHIR Coding was passed, it wouldn't be _incompatible_.

> `version` | OPTIONAL | *string* | Version of the system - if relevant.

Reviewer: Alright, `version` removed.

> `userSelected` | OPTIONAL | *boolean* | If this coding was chosen directly by the user.

Reviewer 2: Topics or OverrideReason options returned from the CDS service will never be marked as userSelected.

An override reason sent to the feedback endpoint so far has been echoing back one of the options returned by the CDS service rather than some translation.  Isn’t `userSelected` typically for something like a CodeableConcept, to distinguish whether a specific Coding was directly chosen, to help when translating among multiple synonymous codes from different systems?

Reviewer: `userSelected` removed. @dennispatterson - do you want to re-review? We need to merge this today.

```
[OAuth 2.0]: https://oauth.net/2/

## Data Types

> This section defines data types re-used across the specification. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CDS Hooks leverages json data types throughout.  This section defines data structures re-used across the specification. 
```

### Coding

The **Coding** data type captures the concept of a code. A code is understood only when the given code, code-system, and a optionally a human readable display are available. This coding type is a standalone data type in CDS Hooks modeled after a trimmed down version of the [FHIR Coding data type](http://hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Coding).

Field | Optionality | Type | Description
----- | ----- | ----- | --------
`code` | REQUIRED | *string* | The code for what is being represented
`system` | OPTIONAL | *string* | A codesystem for this `code`.
`display` | OPTIONAL | *string* | A short, human-readable label to display.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`version` | OPTIONAL | * string* | Version of the system - if relevant.
`userSelected` | OPTIONAL | *string* | If this coding was chosen directly by the user.
--

--

'userSelected` | OPTIONAL | *boolean* |
```
